hello readers this is my first video
ever and it's going to be a do torial on
how to doodle your name actually I'm
going to do to my name but you can use
the same techniques and stuff for you on
it so it's gonna be kind of weird
because it's going to be upside down to
you guys this doesn't even gonna be
helpful whatever I'll do it anyways okay
so first my name is Stephanie by the way
also do like white nail polish color
isn't it pretty okay so first I doodle a
big s really fast you got to do this all
really fast don't think about it too
hard because then you'll just get caught
up in the details so you do a little
first order your name and then you do
it'll the second letter of your name
that looks like an F but it's a tea and
then the third and the fourth and
basically oh my gosh I just drop my name
now for the doodle apart besides my
handwriting I always go over my name or
whatever i'm writing a second time so
that i have something to work with i'll
show you a hold on a sec so don't worry
about like um matching it exactly
because that's the fun part see I kind
of like on purposefully it's not even a
word I don't match it up so I have some
area to work with you know for stripes
and stuff like this so then do that with
your whole name it's just so not even
one with my pens running out
really hold on
you
of course my pen runs out during a do
torial first one ever anywho so go over
your name and purposefully don't match
them up and by them I mean the first
time you wrote it in the second time
you're out so there you go we have some
weird unfinished looking doodles this
looks so silly upside down okay now this
is the fun part start with whatever
letter you feel like it almost art with
I because it looks kind of lonely and
just start adding to it adding to each
letter you can do whatever you want I
always add lines sometimes I add dude um
polka dots or circles at the end kind of
curling them in the little overlaps the
ones that are kind of small I always
just fill those in because it kind of
gives a little more substance I'm
talking about doodles like they're like
legit things they're totally not um see
you like that and then sometimes I'll
just finish off it's like a line or
whatever it doesn't matter if the space
is big like this eight right here I'm
Way too lazy to color the whole thing in
so I'll just do like the stripes maybe a
checker checkerboard or like getting
crazy and doing some little squigglies
like this right here it's like kind of
unfinished curl I don't really just add
another curl on there goes a little
doodlee look good and so you know just
kind of go over each other do it over
your heart desires there's really no
formula to it I don't even know why I'm
teaching you this probably cuz Stephanie
Appleby asked me to look at that p is
way too big the color and so I'm
add some lines some squiggles this T I'm
going to curl in with some dots just cuz
you know it's kind of cute all right my
computer's gone crazy can hear it
finish off the curls of the T to use
such a curly letter I love letters I
want this Pete also if you don't like
something just work with it i'll
probably get better also it's a doodle
so i can look however you want and I'll
still look awesome karralys grew up
doodles honestly people
clearly ass after dark early too
I'm really don't open sometimes it can
get a little crazy you don't maybe want
to add stripes on everything maybe I'll
just add some dots there instead
what else
looking all right
I mean it's upside down to you guys so
probably terrible and then i don't know
i'm all for more curls wherever possible
so add a little and same with the
doodles I was going twice just so I have
a little bit of space to work with and
I'm gonna say that this video is getting
a little long and that we are going to
be done to studio but i will show to you
upside down right side up hold on a sec
all right sweet I think we're done so
that's my name Oh still backwards maybe
the video will flip itself around
probably well okay well there's your do
tutorial about how to do your name
thanks for watching